team Honda Kevin Schwantz Yoshimura
Suzuki both are young lions both are
vying for number one status on the
American Road racing scene at Daytona
earlier this year Rainey raised his hand
in victory he won the prestigious
Daytona 200 this crash by Kevin Schwantz
helped trainee get that win that
Schwan's had been leading till he fell
the two met again recently on foreign
soil the occasion the 17th annual
transatlantic match races nine sprint
races on two of England's premier
circuits forget about the team
competition Rainey number six and
schwanz number 34 electrified the
British fans with fairing banging racing
in each of the nine races
Schwantz had something to prove he has
earned a reputation of recklessness he's
fast but seldom finishes in England
Schwarz was fast and solid Rainey
meanwhile has the might of team Honda
behind him as well as that all-important
win at Daytona under his belt he's on
top now and doesn't want anyone getting
in his way
least of all a writer like Schwanz from
the rivals Suzuki camp rainy in schwanz
led the American contingent to a
convincing win over the Brits but some
of the Yanks paid the price
Ohio State Chivington tasted British
tarmac at the famous Brands Hatch
circuit he repeated his performance at
Donington Park with the help of a
British campaign trio now that's
carrying tataat a little too far
Canadian Gary Goodfellow also dipped
into Donington dirt with this wild ride
however the British fans showed no
sympathy towards the Canadian since he
rode for the Americans rain Ian Schwartz
exchanged pleasantries in between races
but once back on the track the two
Americans were breathtaking
they were leagues ahead of the rest of
the riders Rainey when he five races
Schwantz the remaining four a
slow-motion look at some of the action
shows just how intense the rivalry was
in this sequence at the Brands Hatch
circuit the right knee of Kevin Schwantz
actually rams Rainey's machine both
riders wouldn't give an inch in this
sequence
Schwantz tries to sneak in on the inside
Rainey slams the door there's more
contact neither wider is fazed even
though both could have taken a nasty
spill
the match races are history but the
schlotz rainy battles will continue on
the American super bike scene American
fans kept ourselves lucky this is Dennis
poor